arithmetic: add page (#4786)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/arithmetic.md

# arithmetic

> > Quiz on simple arithmetic.

Reviewer: I think we need a word:
```suggestion
> Quiz on simple arithmetic problems.
```

> More information: <https://manpages.debian.org/bsdgames/arithmetic.6.en.html>.

- Start an arithmetic quiz:

`arithmetic`

> - Specify one or more arithmetic operation symbols to get problems on them:

Reviewer: You can highlight argument in the example description to get it a meaning, like:
```suggestion
- Specify one or more arithmetic [o]peration symbols to get problems on them:
```

Author: That's quirky @navarroaxel , nice!
